The Joe Rogan experience. Happy sober October.
The first podcast ever, where Marshall is in the room.
Oh my gosh. I feel so honored.
This is a special one. He's just exhausted.
And I knew he wanted to just lie down next to me.
My dog always comes through the YouTube show and we're always like, oh,
is she going to knock over the lights in the middle?
But you see her come in and out in the edit?
Well, when a red Ben and I see the podcast back in the day,
we stood in my office at my house when my kids are really little, so adhere,
like screaming and crying in the background, you know, she took my tool,
something like that, you know? So, um, thanks for doing this. Thanks.
How's this how's sober October going. That's great.
I want to thank you for doing that because it creates a
community and it's super cool for people to just have that month of clarity.
I just think it's really cool. I'm grateful. Ed's my sober birthday in October.
So I, how many.
Years? Six years.
No, that's it. That's insane.
It's the hardest part. Yeah.
We just.
Are you sure you need to be sober from weed? Um, yeah.
I've tried because here's the thing, here's the kind of,
you really want to know what kind of addict I am. I will,
I can do it for awhile. I've tried.
So I was in rehab when I was 19 for heroin and I started using
everything when I was 12, 13 years old. Well, not everything, but I mean,
I started drinking and smoking weed. I mean, I grew up all over.
I moved every year and a half it's long story. Um, my,
my whole thing sounds like an improv and like, I'm making it all up,
but it was just chaotic upbringing, but I'm from the east coast.
And then I graduated from high school in Minnesota. So to give you,
we just moved a lot. I went to like 11 schools in 12 years.
So I started drinking really young.
I started smoking weed right around when my parents got divorced.
And then I was pretty much a daily smoker from the day that I found weed.
It was like, ah, oh my God. I was like 14.
I love.
Was it a release? Was an escape.
Was it just a perturbance of normal?
No, my, my upbringing was kind of chaotic.
And honestly I think that I always had a debt of
gratitude because I don't know that I could have been fully present for what was
going on in, in the house. Um, and, and,
and not like killed myself or done something worse.
So it was just too much for like a small developing brain to handle.
And we'd put enough of that nice,
like fuzzy distance between me and that like chaos. So
I'm going to have, I'm going to start it. It's just going to be me alone crying.
I had no idea.
It was. And so it was, it was good. Except then, um,
I, it escalated after I was drugged and raped when I was 18. Oh,
Jesus. Sorry that to get heavy. It's part of my story. It's horrible, but bad.
Ha like one of the things that I've had to come to terms with is, you know,
I don't blame myself for that happening, but I,
I do have to take responsibility for the fact that when you're a woman or a girl
and you're out getting blacked out and this instance you're around people who
are bad, things happen that are not good. It's.
It's it sucks. But you know, if I had daughters, I would be like,
watch your drinks and like, be careful and don't get,
don't try not to black out because you don't know what is gonna go down.
So many people that I know that have been drugged.
Yeah. I know. I know the, the thing about that, that's so weird to me. Well,
a I don't,
I try and make light of everything because I have to in order to survive
and I'm from the east coast, that's just how I handle.
Like my family's from Rhode Island, my dad's one, my dad's one of 10.
It was a roast battle growing up, you know, like you either,
if you were the sensitive one, they're like, oh, you're going to cry about it.
You can survive. You had to just be like, I'm on top of it.
Rhode Island, Boston, Connecticut.
You're getting roasted and you either keep up or you're like, you're out,
you're out. You're the loser in the family. And you're drinking too,
obviously heavily. So, um, he, I unfortunately was like,
if you're gonna do that,
like use enough to make sure that I don't come to in the middle of it. Like,
don't be an amateur bro. Like get,
cause I have memories of it and kind of came to, so it was like,
I would have preferred just the nothingness of, you know, it being launched,
like stuck in my subconscious, I think what was.
The whole Cosby situation like for you then? Oh.
I wrote a whole thing about it because I wrote this piece on
medium. Um, bill Cosby raped me kind of because when I,
because it's a little click baity, um,
because when all that stuff came out, I was like, oh really ladies,
like you're going to come forward now.
And I had to stop and like evaluate my own, my own.
And just response to that. And writing is pretty much how I process everything.
It always has been. And so I'm like,
I'm just going to write about this and see what comes through.
And essentially it was that internalized shame that had I had been holding onto
was I was projecting it onto these women who were, cause if,
if a bunch of girls from Minnesota, I came forward and said this sleazy dude,
you know, dragged us and raped us back in the nineties.
Yeah. I'm 40, I'm 40. So yeah, it was like the nineties. Um,
I would come forward and, and support them and support of that.
If it was the person who did it to me, I wouldn't be like, come on ladies,
it's a little late for this now, but that was my kind of gut instinct.
So I think that was, I, like I said, I think it's internalized shame.
I think I just, I had not forgiven. Um,
the girl in me, the, the, the young girl in me who,
who blamed myself. I didn't tell anyone when it happened. I,
I woke up and, uh, I'm lucky. I'm not dead.
I'm lucky I made it to get sober six years ago when I look at how
my trajectory was. And so I ended up,
um, like kind of coming to,
and the weird thing about rupees is that you don't really remember.
So I like thank the guy for having, you know, it was like, oh,
thanks for letting us crash in this place. I didn't even mean to crash at.
And I think, um,
and then things started coming back and one of my friends,
I think something happened to her too. And, and, um, it's crazy.
I'm telling this story just based on what happened last week. So, um,
I just went, we went to like the apple river,
which was this place in Minnesota and just,
I got blackout drunk for like the next five days. I couldn't,
I couldn't handle it. I felt ashamed because I was drinking under age. I had,
I was working in a restaurant. I had a lot of, um, older friends.
We were downtown in Minneapolis. I felt super cool.
And my friend and I both have the exact last memory.
And then I have memories of like crawling around on the floor and try and find
fault, like just bad things. And, um, I always hesitate to tell them too,
cause I know they're guys they're like, yeah. Tell me more, just kidding. Um,
defensive mechanisms and um, yeah,
so then I just went bananas. I started doing hard drugs that year.
And did that as a response.
To that Def I mean, I think I just was trying,
I was already running from so much there had already been my.
Tipping point. Yeah.
My, my stepdad was a little crazy.
I don't really publicly talk about it all that often, but it was, um,
like whatever, uh, like crazy stepdad. Do you like it?
I think you can figure things out. Um,
and it was really chaotic and, and uh,
then that kind of escalated. Um, my drug use,
I found hard drugs and like, then I tried, um,
speed and math and I hated it. Cause my brain already races.
I don't need any help with that. That's.
Rare though that somebody doesn't like speed and meth. I.
Hated it.
I hated it. No.
No, no, I don't. I loved heroin. I didn't get like.
Like that maternal womb.
Thing. I think it's also, um, I don't,
I don't need stimulation for my brain. I need,
I always wanted relief from this. When.
You snorting it, what.
Heroin and smoking it and.
Get to the point of shooting. It.
It, it w it was right before I quit. So it once,
and then I was like, I'm going to die essentially. Cause you.
Realize like, oh, was going, I was.
89 Pounds in 19. I totally had like one of those hallmark movie moments.
I had been out here with a boyfriend and he had a movie and we were
just like, it was like a Mo sit in Nancy movie.
I was parent, I was doing so much blow. I had delusions of like.
I was, he was making a movie.
He was in one in a movie and we were out here and it was just chaos.
And we were like, it was the that I did.
How'd you get into comedy?
Um, that was not for awhile. Thank God. Um,
I got dared to do that in 2010 basically.
And so somebody dared me to do it.
And the comedy store is where I pop my cherry. And, um,
it was on like one of those bringer shows and it was an absolute show,
like every stereotype that you ever heard,
people were doing blow in the green room. And like everybody, it was like.
All in the belly room then no, it was.
On the main stage, but it was one of those like me. It was,
it was when it was in like the years before the research.
Oh, that's when I was gone from 2007,
you got there in the darkest days,
say the darkest days were like 2007 to like 2012.
It was dark. And then my set went okay,
enough that I decided I wanted to like do it again.
But that was many years after, after the like trajectory. So I,
long story short, I ended up in rehab, um,
at 19 and I was there for seven, seven months.
I was in the halfway. I was.
Arrested.
No, I put myself in a halfway house, but it was like.
Can you just, can you put yourself in jail? No, it's not jail. And how can you,
how come you can put yourself in a halfway house.
Wait houses like that. In-between jail. It's not mandatory.
So they let you put yourself like, Hey, look, I'm up.
You mind if I just hang out here for awhile?
I couldn't go home because my home stuff. And so I basically,
after two weeks my insurance was up and they're like, okay,
you're free to go home. I'm like, nah, I can't go.
I'm going to do drugs in like two minutes. And so no,
I took a bus and put myself on general assistance. And Minnesota,
the joke is it's Minnesota land of 10,000 treatment centers.
It's like a great place to get sober.
And so I put myself on basically welfare and then I found a
place and I'll never forget. I called this place and the woman answered.
And she was like, I was like, hi. And I had had some guys try to do stuff to me.
So I was looking for an all woman's place. And this woman was like,
you ever heard of? I was like, hi, what's it like here?
She's like you ever heard of bootcamp? There's like, sounds perfect.
I needed that structure. I needed something. And so they, I basically,
because I was on welfare, they accepted me and it was like,
me and I was the only white girl I was by far the youngest. It was,
it was basically a lot of women just who the judge said,
like go to this program for three months and you won't go to jail.
It was nuts. That's an education. Oh yeah. I mean, I realized what a privilege,
little spoiled brat I was that's for sure. And then I never,
but I also hide behind that. So I never wanted to share anything.
And they're like, EV it's all relative. Everyone has their problems.
And I'm like, yeah, but these stories versus mine, they're not,
I feel like I just had too much.
And then I started sharing them and they're like, white people are up.
And that was when I learned it was really an early lesson and like all this
intersectional, it was very early lesson for me that like,
it doesn't matter. It does not matter what color your skin is, what,
like when you're an addict or when you're at rock bottom or we're all humans
just at like up trying to get out of our own way.
And so that was, that was an interesting experience.
And then I got in my car and moved to LA.